add rails sidekiq rule (#64)
zygotecnologia/guides: style/rails/README.md

  end
end
```

# Sidekiq

## Parameter passing

Whenever calling Sidekiq jobs, the parameters sent in the `perform` call must be composed of simple JSON datatypes,
since Sidekiq convert the parameters to JSON in order to store it in Redis, and complex Ruby objects will look like
`#<Quote:0x0000000006e57288>`
From [Sidekiq docs](https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq/wiki/Best-Practices#1-make-your-job-parameters-small-and-simple)

>The arguments you pass to perform_async must be composed of simple JSON datatypes:
> string, integer, float, boolean, null(nil), array and hash.
> This means you must not use ruby symbols as arguments.
> [...] Don't pass symbols, named parameters or complex Ruby objects (like Date or Time!)
> as those will not survive the dump/load round trip correctly.

Remember this includes the usage of `.delay` method when sending emails, since this method schedules a job in Sidekiq.

> So the same rule applies when passing parameter to `.delay`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So the same rule applies when passing parameters to methods after `.delay`/`.delay_until`/`.delay_for`...
```
